# reproduce inorganic recipes
some target material in paper often need to go through multi stage route. see:
-  CaBiO2Cl samples were prepared by a two-step process. All chemicals used were analytic grade reagents without further purification. The starting materials of Bi(NO3)3 and KCl (1 : 1 molar ratio) were mixed together, and then 60 mL of distilled water was added. White precipitate appeared immediately and was stirred for 5 h to complete the precipitation reaction. The precipitate was collected and washed with deionized water thoroughly and dried at 80 °C in air. The final BiOCl powder was obtained as seen from XRD patterns (see Fig. S1 in ESI†). In what followed, BiOCl and Ca(NO3)2 (1 : 1 molar ratio) were used to synthesize CaBiO2Cl by a solid-state reaction. The reactant powders were thoroughly ground together into a homogeneous mixture using a mortar and pestle, transferred to an alumina crucible, and subsequently heated in air at different temperatures for 12 h. A pale yellow polycrystalline powder (CaBiO2Cl) was obtained from the reactions. 
obviously, It's bad to only capture any portion of them, which is the original paper's shortage

meanwhile, paper can not well classified solid-reactions from others.
- Several Cu(i)-containing mixed-metal oxides are reported to exist in the Cu2O–M2O5 (M = Nb, Ta) system that cannot be synthesized using conventional solid-state methods.121 For example, the synthesis of Cu2Nb8O21, a metastable p-type semiconductor, was prepared in high purity by the reaction of Cu2O and Nb2O5 nanoparticles within a CuCl flux using a 10 : 1 flux-to-reactant molar ratio.15 The CuCl flux solvent was preferentially utilized in these reactions owing to its low melting point, ability to solubilize Cu2O, and the common Cu(i) cations as that of the Cu2O reagent. The reaction mixture was heated in an evacuated fused-silica ampoule at 550 °C for 24 h that was immediately quenched.15 The Cu2Nb8O21 phase does not form in the absence of a molten flux at lower temperatures of 550 °C. At a higher reaction temperature of 650 °C the Cu2Nb8O21 compound begins to transform into CuNb3O8, and after the temperature reaches 750 °C, the Cu2Nb8O21 compound has completely transformed into CuNb3O8. In the Cu2O–Ta2O5 system, the Cu2Ta4O11 and Cu7Ta15O41 phases have not been reported to have been synthesized in high purity, but instead have been found as side products at reaction temperatures ranging from 700 °C to 1000 °C.122 Both the Cu2Ta4O11 and Cu7Ta15O41 phases have been calculated to have 33% and 22% vacancies on the copper-site positions within the unit cell, respectively. The Cu2Ta4O11 phase has been reported to be stabilized through doping with zirconium and by utilizing solid solutions such as Cu2−xNaxTa4O11.76,123 These Cu(i)-containing mixed-metal oxides exhibit band gaps deep within the visible-light energy range, spanning from ~1.3 eV to ~2.6 eV, and have shown high cathodic photocurrents for water reduction under visible-light in the form of polycrystalline photoelectrodes. Thus, the preparation of new Cu(i)-oxides in high purity can be facilitated with the use of a flux-mediated synthetic route in combination with binary-oxide nanoparticle precursors.